---
published: false
layout: post
title: "Pen & Paper"
hn: false
tags:
  - general
  - writing
---

Back in the Spring I decided to start writing more and taking notes for all kinds of stuff that I encounter throughout the day. I was basically already doing so by using Evernote to store my ToDo list and also other bits of information.

> The pen is the tongue of the mind.
- Horace

Putting my Pen to Paper and starting to actually use my beautiful new Notebook turned out to be harder than I thought. It was quite a change of habit for me to grab for my leather-bound notebook instead of my aluminium-cased handheld device.

> When you start putting pen to paper, you see a side of your personal truth that doesn't otherwise reveal itself in conversation or thought.
― Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue

I found the former words to be very much true. After I started writing every day and organizing my thoughts on paper everything seemed to be more clear. Writing is slow. Compared to the speed and effectiveness of [McGurrin's](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Edward_McGurrin) touch typing system it is a gigantic step back into the Stone-Age, or something close to that. This of course doesn't seem like an advantage at first but it turned out to be one for me. By being slow I forced myself to think about everything I was writing down. I was able to connect to the things I was working on more deeply. I made sure that the stuff I wrote was the stuff I wanted to write. I never wanted to erase anything; it doesn't look pretty and pretty much everything should be kept for reference. (This had the added benefit of my very own spell checking getting better and better week by week, at least I though it did)
